api/README.md, before:

# api

A simple rest [api](src/main/scala/json2struct/api/Server.scala) that servers the conversion between json data and struct type.

3 endpoints:

1. `POST /v1/convert/json`, convert json to struct. The request body is json format,
 like {"name": "RootType", "json":"xxxx"}.
2. `POST /v1/convert/struct`, convert struct to json. The request body is plain text of struct types you want to convert.
3. `GET /health`, query server healthy status.
4. `POST /v2/convert/json?name=xxx`, convert json to struct. Query name is the root struct type name,
request body is plain json data. It's easy to use than the v1 one.

Try it with below curl commands:

```bash
curl http://localhost:8080/health

curl -X POST -d 'type Person struct {
  Name string
  Age int
  FavoriteMovie string
}' http://localhost:8081/v1/convert/struct

curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json"  -d '{
  "name": "Root",
  "json": "{\"usage\":{\"prompt_tokens\":5,\"completion_tokens\":7,\"total_tokens\":12}}"}' \
  http://localhost:8080/v1/convert/json

curl -X POST -d '{
    "usage": {
      "prompt_tokens": 5,
      "completion_tokens": 7,
      "total_tokens": 12
    }
  }' http://localhost:8080/v2/convert/json?name=Root
```

## Docker
Docker image is built using the sbt-native-packager/docker plugin.
* Run `sbt docker:publishLocal` to build the image.
* Start the container by `docker run -d  -p 8081:8080 ghcr.io/reminia/json2struct-api`.
* Or use the one I have published to gcr by `docker pull ghcr.io/reminia/json2struct-api`.

Latest version is up-to-date with the newest code.

Commit message:

add a new v2 struct2json endpoint

api/README.md, after:

# api

A simple rest [api](src/main/scala/json2struct/api/Server.scala) that servers the conversion between json data and struct type.

3 endpoints:

1. `POST /v1/convert/json`, convert json to struct. The request body is json format,
 like {"name": "RootType", "json":"xxxx"}.
2. `POST /v1/convert/struct`, convert struct to json. The request body is plain text of struct types you want to convert.
3. `GET /health`, query server healthy status.
4. `POST /v2/convert/json?name=xxx`, convert json to struct. Query name is the root struct type name,
request body is plain json data. It's easy to use than the v1 one.
5. `POST /v2/convert/struct`, convert struct to json. The request body is plain struct types and a new header config
is added to support converter configuration. The header is optional.

Try it with below curl commands:

```bash
curl http://localhost:8080/health

curl -X POST -d 'type Person struct {
  Name string
  Age int
  FavoriteMovie string
}' http://localhost:8080/v1/convert/struct

curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json"  -d '{
  "name": "Root",
  "json": "{\"usage\":{\"prompt_tokens\":5,\"completion_tokens\":7,\"total_tokens\":12}}"}' \
  http://localhost:8080/v1/convert/json

curl -X POST -d '{
    "usage": {
      "prompt_tokens": 5,
      "completion_tokens": 7,
      "total_tokens": 12
    }
  }' http://localhost:8080/v2/convert/json?name=Root

curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
-H 'config: {"struct2json.snake-case": true}' \
-d 'type Person struct {
  Name string
  Age int
  FavoriteMovie string
}' http://localhost:8080/v2/convert/struct
```

## Docker
Docker image is built using the sbt-native-packager/docker plugin.
* Run `sbt docker:publishLocal` to build the image.
* Start the container by `docker run -d  -p 8081:8080 ghcr.io/reminia/json2struct-api`.
* Or use the one I have published to gcr by `docker pull ghcr.io/reminia/json2struct-api`.

Latest version is up-to-date with the newest code.
